So I put up a survey on Tuesday, I hope, most of it filled it, please fill it before 5pm tomorrow. I've met people into the room because I easily get distracted. And we could obviously do this by looking at the correlation coefficient and scatter plot so I uploaded some codes that that will teach you how to perform correlation in Python. You can use that to see if you can come up with a predictive function. Okay so example here is the sales variable which is dependent variable and the mark the marketing spent. Sorry, as the speed of the, of the time a user spends scrolling through websites and the amount of money that you spend shopping on that website so think about it. Okay, so the first time that I have you do is to create a scatter plot for both variables to see if there's a linear relationship first of all through your plot. Okay, so now I have to put you into breakout rooms so the thing is you click on this download it, you open it on your Python compiler. Okay, I'm going to show you what the, what exactly you have to do. So, yeah, just once you look at the pack of five to see that let me open it show you guys what it looks like. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna upload another file don't use this one, because the author explains exactly what I did. So in case any of you are not familiar with Python, you can still follow this through. So, you should be able to see exactly what I needed to do and exactly what I did. And then also replace x in this variable, and then you be able to see what the line looks like, and then come up with a file is not open in MacBook. Yes, we can see, I'm going to continue the recording perfect it stop it. Okay, so this is my screen again I just needed you you to walk on it so that I see where you are. I could try to use a polynomial regression to fit the life or. Okay, so it's actually not the best line if you saw me this model. It's a basic model it doesn't really show that you've captured the relationship. Now the question goes for what is the best line for me to draw to actually capture this relationship. Remember I talked about if a baby's born, we assume the baby is three kg so three kids in this scenario is your m back your bias. Take a left and then take another ride, and then get to the ball, right. Yeah, this is not the best I can tell the car to go this way, and then go this way, and go this way right, there's so many paths to actually get to actually get in that exact fall. So when I started this way, my original position, the landing web will tell me, call your point one. You have all this point you can decide to draw a line, just the way you can tell me to turn this way to get to my laptop. Turn this way which is another way to think of it as another line. So, that way what you want to think about is how can I take, I can I subtract the arrows between my predicted. Anyways, so the model makes it prediction for training instance, the error is calculated and the model is updated to reduce the error. Okay, let's proceed your can be used to find a set of questions in a model that that results in the smallest arrow, all for the model. Remember that this is your linear equation, y is your target, or you're dependent variable, x is your independent variable, plus C which is your intersect. So, at the first instance I said, when the baby's born, the width right the width is. It takes the original be, so actually all to do is take the original d minus the learning rate. This is your regression line, which computes the predictive prediction, it tries to, to find the errors between your, your actual and your predicted, and try to minimize it so keep telling the line to move forward, go forward, go forward. Go editor 0.01 step until you find the best fit to fit my data. which is the error between across all data points, your training sex. So I'm going to start with the first walk you through how to do P. And then what okay but we just stopped. Okay, so we are guessing you know you guys would get confused. Instead of six or using two instead of five will using three. So that's why you have five Yeah, get out I'll put the solution. Now, I'm not saying, Give me the error, the square error between the original weight, and my prediction with my new prediction waves and squared because if it's negative, I wanted to cancel out. So I'm saying okay so for my random estimates of A, which is six in this way, because I have an arrow. Plus, so I put the formula here, so that you guys can see, sorry. So, remember my be is three now, so it would be three times one, I know my go over your head. Let's go, 0.01, a new learning rate, let's let's increase the value by 0.0 was a kid. Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, She is supposed to take Sorry, sorry, I made a mistake. Take that prediction, my most the exact original prediction, which is six of the exact actual prediction which is six give me a new era, I scraped. The only difference is, I'm adding 0.01, which is my landing weights to my initial guess. A new guest this is just guessing, I decided to go with two plus three x. Okay. This one and give me that its own calculate that in the chat. So the thing is, you're trying to reduce this particular error. One more step one more step one more step I'm going to run out of time, competing pop, all of that. And then you take the 2.27, and use that for your next three to four data points. So think of it as a batch of calculating the errors based on batch. So, first of all let me, upload solution to what we just did the Excel document to four. Now I just have day six, but for the sake of this data itself just think of Yi is, is the intercept. Okay, So, my new I have to assign zero, because it's an array. So, it's 0.4 plus 0.8 but I need something to hold, whatever new predictions I have so I just gave it to just to narrate create an array for me. Why, what I'm saying is, take a look through the table itself. At one times the role number in that so this is just me coming up and then return what the new prediction is. So what I'll have you guys do is shutter change 0.4 to a new guests. So, I'm all decided that don't get confused yet don't get confused yet so and I wrote a quote that says, okay, instead of me, changing it manually myself because of time I'll be able to fully explain the call was was finished by seven. Now I'm going to post another code that actually uses the real data sets. What's the thing called my office hours is three to four on Fridays.