So I put up a survey on Tuesday, I hope, most of it filled it, please fill it before 5pm tomorrowAll right then, let's start so last class we talked about new new relationships, and I told you that the first step in finding a linear regression equation is to determine if this relationship between two variables.You can use that to see if you can come up with a predictive function.Okay so example here is the sales variable which is dependent variable and the mark the marketing spent.Black Friday sales and me as the VP of Marketing Old Navy wants to see if this relationship between the speed at which you used to go to the next space, and the amount of money that you spent. Okay, so the first time that I have you do is to create a scatter plot for both variables to see if there's a linear relationship first of all through your plot. Okay, so now I have to put you into breakout rooms so the thing is you click on this download it, you open it on your Python compiler. Okay, I'm going to show you what the, what exactly you have to do. So, yeah, just once you look at the pack of five to see that let me open it show you guys what it looks like.So in case any of you are not familiar with Python, you can still follow this through. So, you should be able to see exactly what I needed to do and exactly what I did.Upload. For. Yes, this one is so much better. Alright, so it's called passport activity problem.So, you should be able to see exactly what I needed to do and exactly what I did.There's so many ways you can fit the line that's correct. comes off as Yes, yes. Okay, perfect, because I'm trying to make it interactive so please help me Yes. Anyways, and then if you decide that I'm just going to fit one line, and you look at the R squared does The Iceman look good, thumbs up or thumbs down if it comes up, if it looks good, thumbs down. Or you can put it in the chat, it doesn't matter. It's 0.52. Okay. So, remember that we always wanted our script to be closer to one. But 0.5 is not the best. It's kind of its kind of show you that you actually not capturing the whole relationship because see, there's so many lines that you, there's so many points that you have a model out. Okay, so it's actually not the best line if you saw me this model. It's a basic model it doesn't really show that you've captured the relationship.And then also replace x in this variable, and then you be able to see what the line looks like, and then come up with a file is not open in MacBook. Yes, we can see, I'm going to continue the recording perfect it stop it. Okay, so this is my screen again I just needed you you to walk on it so that I see where you are. I could try to use a polynomial regression to fit the life or. Okay, so it's actually not the best line if you saw me this model. It's a basic model it doesn't really show that you've captured the relationship. Now the question goes for what is the best line for me to draw to actually capture this relationship. Remember I talked about if a baby's born, we assume the baby is three kg so three kids in this scenario is your m back your bias.There is not dataset you time did there was a race competition. It took two minutes. Now, if I have another car. And I tell the car. That said, I use, let's say when you use the same Bugatti, right, and I developed a model that can tell me okay I can predict along the car is supposed to take to hit this this ball this our ball here. Now the thing is, I can tell the car to go strict. I can tell the car to turn.Take a left and then take another ride, and then get to the ball, right. Yeah, this is not the best I can tell the car to go this way, and then go this way, and go this way right, there's so many paths to actually get to actually get in that exact fall.So when I started this way, my original position, the landing web will tell me, call your point one.You have all this point you can decide to draw a line, just the way you can tell me to turn this way to get to my laptop. Turn this way which is another way to think of it as another line. So, that way what you want to think about is how can I take, I can I subtract the arrows between my predicted. Now, how does algorithm works is that it's an optimization our guardian, in which it's trading instance is shown to the model at one time. Okay, let's proceed your can be used to find a set of questions in a model that that results in the smallest arrow, all for the model.Okay, let's proceed your can be used to find a set of questions in a model that that results in the smallest arrow, all for the model. So, if I'd wait for each iteration the cost efficiency machine Lena updated is an equation to, that's all max okay let's move on. Now, this might go by ahead but I'm going to show you how to calculate it. Okay. So, when it comes to gradient descent. It takes the original be, so actually all to do is take the original d minus the learning rate. This is your regression line, which computes the predictive prediction, it tries to, to find the errors between your, your actual and your predicted, and try to minimize it so keep telling the line to move forward, go forward, go forward. Go editor 0.01 step until you find the best fit to fit my data. which is the error between across all data points, your training sex. So I'm going to start with the first walk you through how to do P. And then what okay but we just stopped. Instead of six or using two instead of five will using three.Okay, I have to make to be what I want. Instead of six or using two instead of five will using three. Okay, this is just a random guest, trying to come up with a new equation. All right, and so we're trying to calculate why. So in this case, what why give you. Does anyone want to put in the chat. So remember, x, and x is one. Okay, so why why give you can put it in the chat or you could equate out. What's the value of white powder. Perfect. Alright, so five, good.Remember that this is your linear equation, y is your target, or you're dependent variable, x is your independent variable, plus C which is your intersect. So, at the first instance I said, when the baby's born, the width right the width is. It takes the original be, so actually all to do is take the original d minus the learning rate. This is your regression line, which computes the predictive prediction, it tries to, to find the errors between your, your actual and your predicted, and try to minimize it so keep telling the line to move forward, go forward, go forward. Go editor 0.01 step until you find the best fit to fit my data. which is the error between across all data points, your training sex. So I'm going to start with the first walk you through how to do P. And then what okay but we just stopped. Instead of six or using two instead of five will using three.Remember that this is your linear equation, y is your target, or you're dependent variable, x is your independent variable, plus C which is your intersect. So, at the first instance I said, when the baby's born, the width right the width is. It takes the original be, so actually all to do is take the original d minus the learning rate. This is your regression line, which computes the predictive prediction, it tries to, to find the errors between your, your actual and your predicted, and try to minimize it so keep telling the line to move forward, go forward, go forward. Go editor 0.01 step until you find the best fit to fit my data. which is the error between across all data points, your training sex. So I'm going to start with the first walk you through how to do P. And then what okay but we just stopped. Instead of six or using two instead of five will using three.You have one. Okay. Are we following. So this is the random guest line it's using for the state of points. And then, I'm not saying, okay, based on that. Now this is where you have to follow the kit. This is where you actually have to follow. So, not that I have that. Let me. Okay good, sorry I wasn't seeing the chat. Now that you have that, let me change the value by 0.01. So what I want to do is I want to take G, which is my, my guests value. I want to add 0.01 which is the learning rate so remember learning rate to say oh goes up by one. One seconds more, so one meters more because it's it's meters going on a 0.01 more one of us your point 01 more, because the thing is, you don't want to tell me to move this way. You don't want to tell me to move, 0.09, because I'm going to pass my laptop. So you want to start with small increments. and then you can now start changing the values. Take that prediction, my most the exact original prediction, which is six of the exact actual prediction which is six give me a new era, I scraped. The only difference is, I'm adding 0.01, which is my landing weights to my initial guess. All right, and then I'm saying, My be, give me my initial be is three to remember before I before it was too, can you use the whiteboard and sure it's harder to use whiteboard actually board. A new guest this is just guessing, I decided to go with two plus three x. Okay. This one and give me that its own calculate that in the chat. So the thing is, you're trying to reduce this particular error. One more step one more step one more step I'm going to run out of time, competing pop, all of that. out, I would assume that's who they are still with, I don't care. And then you take the 2.27, and use that for your next three to four data points. So think of it as a batch of calculating the errors based on batch. So, first of all let me, upload solution to what we just did the Excel document to four. Now I just have day six, but for the sake of this data itself just think of Yi is, is the intercept. Okay, So, my new I have to assign zero, because it's an array. So, it's 0.4 plus 0.8 but I need something to hold, whatever new predictions I have so I just gave it to just to narrate create an array for me. Why, what I'm saying is, take a look through the table itself. At one times the role number in that so this is just me coming up and then return what the new prediction is. So what I'll have you guys do is shutter change 0.4 to a new guests. So, I'm all decided that don't get confused yet don't get confused yet so and I wrote a quote that says, okay, instead of me, changing it manually myself because of time I'll be able to fully explain the call was was finished by seven. Now I'm going to post another code that actually uses the real data sets. And what I would advise is try to grab different data sets that you see, and run you through this example just change the data set name. What's the thing called my office hours is three to four on Fridays. You're going to watch the video, you're going to read the article, you will you're going to do is just run code and see the difference.
